This sermon is brought to you by Buford Road Baptist Church.
the speaker today is sister Catherine Edelton
Good morning, Bufaro family and visitors.
I will be reading a poem, an old traditional favorite.
Or the twist of truth
Twas the night
Jesus came
And all.
Through the house.
Not one person
Was praying
Not me nor my spouse.
The Bible was left.
On the shelf
Without care.
For no one thought Jesus
Would come there.
The children were dressing to crawl into bed.
Not once!
Ever nearly or
or bowing.
There he is.
and mom in the rocking chair with baby on her lap.
Was watching the Late show
It's i.
Took a nap.
When out of the east there rose such a clatter, I sprang to my feet,
To see what's the matter.
Away to the window I flew like a flash, tore open the shadows, and lifted.
The sash.
When what to my wondering eyes should appear?
Angels proclaiming
That Jesus
Is here.
The light of his face made me cover my head. it was Jesus's returning.
Just like he said.
and though i possess worldly wisdom and wealth, i cried when i saw him in spite of myself.
And the book of life that he held.
In his hand
1990 was written the name of every single
Saved man
He spoke not a word as he searched.
For my name,
And when he said
It is not here.
I hung my head in shame.
The people whose name had been written with love he gathered to take.
To his father.
Above.
With those who were ready, he rose without a sound while all the others were left standing.
around.
I fell to my knees.
But it was too late i waited too long and thus sealed my fate i stood and i cried as they rose out of
Out of sight.
Oh, if only I'd known this.
Was the night?
In the words of this poem,
The meaning is clear. The coming of Jesus is now drawing near.
There's only one life
And when comes the last call
We're fine.
That the bible
Was true
After all,,
This palm
Says
Author
Unknown.
While it states author unknown it's a fact
Author of the Bible is Seated
On the throne.
His word is for all to ponder, not just a few.
So read his message that's found in 1 Thessalonians 1.
Chapter 5 verse 2
Which states,
For yourselves know perfectly that the day of the Lord so cometh
As a thief,
In the night.
So without delay, children of light,
Encourage believers to
To get.
Their heart right.
Merry Christmas, everyone!
you listen to sister Catherine edelton
For more information, visit our website at bufordrodebaptistchurch.com